docs: Improve documentation on surface classes (#2323)
acts-project/acts: docs/core/geometry.md

The `binningPosition(const GeometryContext& gctx, BinningValue& bVal)` method allows to define 
a customized position of this object when being subject to ordering in some specific binnings, e.g. in a `BinnedArray` or a `SurfaceArray`.
```

This class ensures that a unique {class}`Acts::GeometryIdentifier` is assigned to every geometry
object. 

## Geometry identifier

The {class}`Acts::GeometryIdentifier` is mainly used for fast identification of the type of
the geometry object (as most are either extensions or containers of the
{class}`Acts::Surface` objects) and for the identification of the geometry surfaces after
building, e.g. for the uploading/assigning of material to the surface after
creation. The {class}`Acts::GeometryIdentifier` uses a simple masking procedure for applying an
identification schema.

It is used for Acts internal applications, such as material mapping, but not for
`EventData` and `Geometry` identification in an experiment setup, for this the
`Identifier` class is to be used and/or defined.

:::{doxygenclass} Acts::GeometryIdentifier
---
members: kVolumeMask,kBoundaryMask,kLayerMask,kApproachMask,kSensitiveMask,kExtraMask
---
:::

## Surface classes

> All classes which represent thin surface in ACTS inherit from

Author: I guess this wording refers to other geometry objects like volumes.

measurement directions. In such a case, a track prediction from the
propagation, e.g. will already be in the correct frame of the measurement and
residual or compatibility checks will not need additional coordinate
transformations.
```

### Plane surface

![PlaneBounds](/figures/geometry/PlaneBounds.png)

:::{doxygenclass} Acts::PlaneSurface
---
members: globalToLocal,localToGlobal,intersect,normal
---
:::

### Disc surface

![DiscBounds](/figures/geometry/DiscBounds.png)

:::{doxygenclass} Acts::DiscSurface
---
members: globalToLocal,localToGlobal,intersect,normal
---
:::
 
### Cylinder surface

![CylinderBounds](/figures/geometry/CylinderBounds.png)

:::{doxygenclass} Acts::CylinderSurface
---
members: globalToLocal,localToGlobal,intersect,normal
---
:::

### Cone surface

:::{doxygenclass} Acts::ConeSurface
---
members: globalToLocal,localToGlobal,intersect,normal
---
:::

### Line surface

{class}`Acts::LineSurface` is a special kind of surface that depends on a reference
direction, typically the unit momentum direction of a particle. A point in
space is considered *on surface* if and only if it coincides with the point of

> closest approach between the direction vector $\vec d$ and the line direction

Reviewer: I don't understand what the direction vector is, could you please explain?

Author: It's just the momentum direction vector that is mentioned earlier in the paragraph.

Reviewer: I would then write 
`... typically the unit momentum direction $\vec d$ of a particle.`
to make things even clearer

vector $\vec z$. As such, the function {func}`Acts::LineSurface::globalToLocal`
can fail, if the argument position and direction do not fulfill this criterion.
It if pure-virtual, meaning that it can not be instantiated on its own.

:::{doxygenclass} Acts::LineSurface
---
members: globalToLocal,localToGlobal,intersect,normal
---
:::

#### Straw surface

:::{doxygenclass} Acts::StrawSurface
---
members: false
---
:::

#### Perigee surface

:::{doxygenclass} Acts::PerigeeSurface
---
members: false
---
:::

## Layer classes

The {class}`Acts::Layer` class is an extension of the {class}`Acts::Surface` class that allows the
definition of sub surfaces (sensitive surfaces for modules, or extra material
surfaces).

> The Layer can simply correspond to a 'virtual' surface in the detector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The layer can simply correspond to a 'virtual' surface in the detector
```

description or represent a more complex object that may contain:

* a representing surface, which is accessible via a {func}`Acts::Layer::surfaceRepresentation`

> * method an array of contained surfaces, accessible via {func}`Acts::Layer::surfaceArray` method

Reviewer: I don't understand this bullet point (there is some grammatical problem I think)

Author: ```suggestion
* an array of contained surfaces, accessible via {func}`Acts::Layer::surfaceArray` method
```

* approach surfaces (i.e. boundary surface of the volume occupied by the layer)
* surface material description on any of the confined surfaces

The following illustration shows an $xy$ view of a cylinder layer with planar
detection modules:

![CylinderLayer](/figures/geometry/CylinderLayer.png)

Modules can be sorted onto layer using all supported binning methods described

> through the {class}`Acts::SurfaceArray` class, the binning can be adjusted to fit as good as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
through the {class}`Acts::SurfaceArray` class. The binning can be adjusted to fit as well as
```

possible.

![DiscLayerEB](/figures/geometry/DiscLayerEB.png)

> The un-occupied space in a volume which contains a layer array is filled with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unoccupied space in a volume that contains a layer array is filled with
```

objects of type {class}`Acts::NavigationLayer`, which allows that in a fully static geometry
setup, every single point in a volume can be associated with a layer. Layer
objects are confined together in a special {type}`Acts::LayerArray` class and can be
contained by a {class}`Acts::TrackingVolume`.

![LayerArray](/figures/geometry/LayerArray.png)

## Volume classes

The {class}`Acts::Volume` class is a container of
{type}`Acts::BoundarySurface` objects, where each
{type}`Acts::BoundarySurface` is an extension of the {class}`Acts::Surface`

> class with additional information about the attached Volumes. The normal vector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class with additional information about the attached volumes. The normal vector
```

* the radiation length X0 the nuclear interaction length L0 the atomic weight A
* the atomic charge Z the density of the material

This information is confined together in the {class}`Acts::Material` class.

```{note}
In track reconstruction, only an effective material description is needed, i.e.
non-physical values in regards of the atomic number, the elementary charge or
even the density are allowed, as long as the effective relative radiation

> length and $A/Z \times \rho$ ratio can be retrieved.  This enables compatictification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
length and $A/Z \times \rho$ ratio can be retrieved.  This enables the compactification
```

of the material description, as the element composition record does not have to
be kept.
```

> Surface based material extends this material information by representative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Surface based material extends this material information by a representative
```

> thickness, the corresponding object is called {class}`Acts::MaterialSlab`. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
thickness; the corresponding object is called {class}`Acts::MaterialSlab`. The
```
